Andy after Montreal how important is a
good run here in Cincinnati to get your
sort of hardcore game really on the song
I mean that being able to build up to
your defense of the USA oh well I don't
know exactly I mean last year I lost the
second round here and only played one
match in Canada and they won the US Open
and some years I've played great year
and one not so well the US Open I mean
ideally I'd like to get as many match as
possible and have a good run but you
know these terms are very tough you need
to be on it from the first match and
hopefully i can i can get through a
couple rounds obviously earnest this is
always a tough opponent he had a chance
or even wanted to sort of dissect where
where do you think that match was lost
last week I mean there's a few things I
would have liked to have done better but
yeah its first first hardcourt turn for
five months pretty much and you know
they can take time to adjust to that and
you know I hope that you know come the
US off when I'm playing my best tennis
that's that's the goal but you know I'm
a player honest here and the the first
first match and you know be a good
chance to see where my games up yeah I
was going to say you'll see that the
drool sometimes have a funny way of
throwing things like that again I mean
how do you feel about potentially facing
him so soon I mean is it something you'd
sort of relish the chance for a bit of
revenge or is it you know he's in good
form and robbery face over there later
how do you feel of us ok so second
challenge you know if you lose a son
that the previous week it's good to play
them you know as soon as possible after
words to you know so you see what you've
learned from the the previous match so
you know he still needs to get through
his first round for it's got very tough
match against youzhny and the first
round and obviously one here twice
before both time set against Novak in
the final it's clearly it's on a little
bit but it suits you yeah I like it you
know it's tough conditions here it's
very hot and humid it's similar to the
conditions are training in Miami
courts are pretty quick very lively
nonya I've had some good results here in
the past and I guess so be nice to get a
good run going here